  How would you control access to a cloud network?
In this project the environment was deployed via a cloud network. I configured access to the network via Security Groups
in Azure to only allow my IP address access to the associated jumpbox and then only allowed the jumpbox to access the 
webservers that were a part of the network to prevent unwanted intrusions that could have compromised the integrity of the
network itself. Using this small scale as an example I would control access to a cloud network by requiring a connection from
company infrastructure to prevent unwanted intrustions and then only allow access to sensitive informations via a jumpbox
 or other form of safe and effective connection.
 
   In this project I had two seperate security groups one to protect my ELK stack to gather my log inforamtion and monitor the 
 integrity of my webservers, and the other to insure the saftey of my webservers while they performed their own tasks such as running
 containers of dvws. I denied all access from the outside allowing only my IP access to ssh into the jumpbox and from there
 ssh into the webservers along port 22. and allowing the load balancer to access the webserver via port 80. I also had an 
 ssh rule in place for the ELK stack via my IP address. and allowed web access from the ELK stack via port 5601 to access the information
 via kibana. These restrictions allowed me access to the information I was collecting and helped to prevent outside intrusion into my 
 environment.
 
  My solution to my security needs may or may not scale depending on the needs of the webservers and the usage of the setup.
  I feel as those there are some improvements that can be made but for what its intended purpose is I belive that it would scale
  well. I have heard that using a company VPN integrated into a firewall with the VPN being configured to allow remote SSH and or
  remote desktop connections. otherwise consequences may insue. I personally feel that my project is a bit small to implement a VPN
  and the pros would not outway the cons and costs of implementing it.
